Design guide update (#279)
aau-giraf/wiki: docs/UI_Design/Design_Guide/buttons.md

| *Default button* | *Pressed button* | *Disabled button* |

A widget called GirafButton has been created in the weekplanner repo which should

> be used for buttons in the weekplanner app. If the button is added within the citizen view no text should be added to buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be used for buttons in the weekplanner app. If the button is added within the citizen view, no text should be added to buttons.
```

The leftmost buttons should cause the action to not occur, such as cancelling the
deletion, and the rightmost buttons should confirm the action, such as saying yes
to a deletion.

## Multiple state selection buttons

> If multiple states needs to be represented it should be done, by creating a multiple state button. On this button the current state should be darker than the other states. This should **only** be used when only one of the states can be selected at the time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple states need to be represented it should be done by creating a multiple state button. On this button the current state should have a darker gradient than the other states. This should **only** be used when only one of the states can be selected at the time.
```
